Preppers have taken the initiative to do what most people neglect out of sheer ignorance or arrogance. Good on you Vention! THE biggest thing next to supply preparedness, is physical and mental preparedness. All of your efforts will be in vain, if you're not "ready" psychologically and physically to deal with elements far worse than zombies - desperate humans. Understanding the mindset of how others may lure, trick, or make any attempt to acquire your stuff - and the lost prevention methods that are unique to your situation to deal with this. Think how would they get this stuff and how would I prevent it. What am I willing to sacrifice? What backup do I have if these are lost? Tactics, strategy, and etc, etc. Some with bigger budgets as you may well know, have heavy duty panic rooms or bunkers loaded with supplies and the necessary contingencies to protect themselves and their stuff. They also have measures that serve as a deterrent or camouflage to avoid conflict altogether. Also of note: NEVER place you or your loved ones in jeopardy helping others. If you feed strays, you'll own them. If you must, send it out on some kind of pulley system or clothes line out of direct line of sight. Desperate people are bad enough, but people with children can have more of an incentive to do worse. It goes without saying, if there are a bunch of women (pair, trio, or more) begging for help - beware. Women today are far more violent and as craftier than ever. Picture a MGTOW getting marked and killed by lesbian feminists! Would'nt that be the biggest irony? 
>>
Well said. And yes indeed I've thought that out. That's why it's critical to extend your security net outward from your home, networking with the neighbors, blocking off the street and setting up a neighborhood watch so that the "beggars" only reach the outpost rather than your home.
Still the most likely situation I'll face are localized disasters, a job loss and that sort of thing. Those mini disasters happen to everyone every day and they're far more common than a worldwide economic collapse.
And if you're prepared for the small disasters you're also more prepared for the big ones.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMPSpQrIUJ0
